Retail and SLE15 Images update (#303)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/retail/pages/retail-deploy-section.adoc

[[retail.deploy_terminals]]
= Deploying Terminals

> This sections contains notes on how to prepare your {smr} installation for image deployment, how to deploy teminals using network boot and various other methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section covers how to prepare your {smr} installation for image deployment, and how to deploy terminals using network boot and other methods.
```
